add the lsif-protcol repo into the main sourcegraph repo (#18655)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: enterprise/lib/README.md

# Sourcegraph enterprise/lib module

This directory is the root of a separate go module from the primary module rooted at sourcegraph/sourcegraph. This module exists to hold code that we want to reuse outside of the sourcegraph/sourcegraph repo.

> Code in this module should _not_ import from sourcegraph/sourcegraph or from other Sourcegraph repos toavoid complicated dependency relationships. Instead consider moving code from elsewhere into this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code in this module should _not_ import from sourcegraph/sourcegraph or from other Sourcegraph repos to avoid complicated dependency relationships. Instead consider moving code from elsewhere into this module.
```
